\input texinfo
@c -*- texinfo -*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename glorri.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle Glorri Reference Manual
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2023 Raven Hallsby@*

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts. A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Glorri Reference Manual
@subtitle Automatically Updating @code{guix shell} environments
@author Raven Hallsby

@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@c *********************************************************************
@node Top
@top Glorri

@menu
* Contributing::                You can help too!
@end menu

@node Contributing
@chapter Contributing

@cindex documentation
@menu
* Writing Documentation::       Improving & Writing Documentation.
@end menu

@node Writing Documentation
@section Writing Documentation

Guix is documented using the Texinfo system.

To render documentation, you must first make sure that you ran both
@command{./bootstrap} and @command{./configure} in your source tree.
After that you can run one of the following commands:

@itemize
@item @samp{make info} to compile the Info manual.
      You can check it with @command{info doc/glorri.info}.
@item @samp{make doc/glorri.info} to compile the Info manual.
      You can check it with @command{info doc/glorri.info}.
@item @samp{make html} to compile the HTML version.
      You can point your browser to the relevant file in the
      @file{doc/glorri.html} directory.
@item @samp{make doc/glorri.html} to compile the HTML version.
      You can point your browser to the relevant file in the
      @file{doc/glorri.html} directory.
@end itemize

@bye

@c Local Variables:
@c ispell-local-dictionary: "american";
@c End:
